{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red219\green219\blue219;\red35\green117\blue163;
\red135\green135\blue135;\red26\green26\blue26;\red247\green247\blue247;\red245\green245\blue245;\red0\green0\blue123;
\red80\green0\blue87;\red84\green85\blue0;\red16\green83\blue83;\red26\green120\blue0;\red19\green85\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14960\viewh13420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa160\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 public void 
\b addJavascriptInterface 
\b0 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/reference/java/lang/Object.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Object}} object, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/reference/java/lang/String.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 String}} name)
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf5 \cb1 Added in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/uses-sdk-element.html#ApiLevels"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 API level 1}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\sl380\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf6 \cb7 Injects the supplied Java object into this WebView. The object is injected into the JavaScript context of the main frame, using the supplied name. This allows the Java object's methods to be accessed from JavaScript. For applications targeted to API level {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build.VERSION_CODES.html#JELLY_BEAN_MR1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf4 JELLY_BEAN_MR1}} and above, only public methods that are annotated with{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/JavascriptInterface.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf4 JavascriptInterface}} can be accessed from JavaScript. For applications targeted to API level {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build.VERSION_CODES.html#JELLY_BEAN"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf4 JELLY_BEAN}} or below, all public methods (including the inherited ones) can be accessed, see the important security note below for implications.\
Note that injected objects will not appear in JavaScript until the page is next (re)loaded. For example:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\ql\qnatural

\f3 \cf0 \cb8  \cf9 class\cf0  \cf10 JsObject\cf0  \cf11 \{\cf0 \
    \cf12 @JavascriptInterface\cf0 \
    \cf9 public\cf0  \cf10 String\cf0  toString\cf11 ()\cf0  \cf11 \{\cf0  \cf9 return\cf0  \cf13 "injectedObject"\cf11 ;\cf0  \cf11 \}\cf0 \
 \cf11 \}\cf0 \
 webView\cf11 .\cf0 addJavascriptInterface\cf11 (\cf9 new\cf0  \cf10 JsObject\cf11 (),\cf0  \cf13 "injectedObject"\cf11 );\cf0 \
 webView\cf11 .\cf0 loadData\cf11 (\cf13 ""\cf11 ,\cf0  \cf13 "text/html"\cf11 ,\cf0  \cf9 null\cf11 );\cf0 \
 webView\cf11 .\cf0 loadUrl\cf11 (\cf13 "javascript:alert(injectedObject.toString())"\cf11 );\cf14 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\sl380\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf6 \cb7 IMPORTANT:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa60\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 {\listtext	\'95	}This method can be used to allow JavaScript to control the host application. This is a powerful feature, but also presents a security risk for applications targeted to API level{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/Build.VERSION_CODES.html#JELLY_BEAN"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf4 JELLY_BEAN}} or below, because JavaScript could use reflection to access an injected object's public fields. Use of this method in a WebView containing untrusted content could allow an attacker to manipulate the host application in unintended ways, executing Java code with the permissions of the host application. Use extreme care when using this method in a WebView which could contain untrusted content.\
{\listtext	\'95	}JavaScript interacts with Java object on a private, background thread of this WebView. Care is therefore required to maintain thread safety.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The Java object's fields are not accessible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 public {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "applewebdata://1E8C681F-FC7D-46E4-8C4D-19FA2B4DC27E/reference/java/lang/String.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 String}} 
\b getUrl 
\b0 ()
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf5 \cb7 Added in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "applewebdata://1E8C681F-FC7D-46E4-8C4D-19FA2B4DC27E/guide/topics/manifest/uses-sdk-element.html#ApiLevels"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 API level 1}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\sl380\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf6 Gets the URL for the current page. This is not always the same as the URL passed to WebViewClient.onPageStarted because although the load for that URL has begun, the current page may not have changed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa60\ql\qnatural

\b \cf6 Returns\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf6 		the URL for the current page\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa180\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 public {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "applewebdata://07C86779-533C-4126-B8D4-2546633F45A6/reference/java/lang/String.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 String}} 
\b getOriginalUrl 
\b0 ()
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf5 \cb7 Added in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "applewebdata://07C86779-533C-4126-B8D4-2546633F45A6/guide/topics/manifest/uses-sdk-element.html#ApiLevels"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 API level 3}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\sl380\sa280\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf6 Gets the original URL for the current page. This is not always the same as the URL passed to WebViewClient.onPageStarted because although the load for that URL has begun, the current page may not have changed. Also, there may have been redirects resulting in a different URL to that originally requested.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa60\ql\qnatural

\b \cf6 Returns\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa100\ql\qnatural
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf6 		the URL that was originally requested for the current page\
}